hey guys they're taking a look at magic
Popo this is a mania fall shooting the
Zuma game family and I came in for your
kid it's a really fun sort of puzzle
game where you're taking these balls and
you're shooting them in battle and
strange world which is divided into four
scenes over 20 levels and you'll need to
use your rapid-fire action and color
matching skills to remove balls in the
path in order to move on and basically
you want to get rid of all of these you
want a pair of these balls along the way
before they reach the end of the puzzle
so some of the features there's three
game modes easy normal hard we're going
to call them to that here so here's the
main menu on the iPad here you have
options you can adjust sounds sound
effects volume etc credits you can go to
your profile here so you can make
multiple user profiles that's a nice
little addition or a pro so multiple
users can play their own set of levels
etc you can do your highest score and of
course you can go right into play you
can choose your game mode some easy
medium or just survival mode in this
case we'll go with easy and then you get
to choose your levels here so you can
see levels are rated by a three-star
system and you unlock levels as you go
each level is a different pattern which
represents a puzzle so in this case
we'll go with level two you can see here
as soon as the game starts you use your
finger to draw a line essentially and
grab a ball in order to match it with
the corresponding color so you can see
there in the early beginning I was lucky
enough to get a huge combo there so
basically you want to match three of a
kind so you have two actions you have
one option to retract foe and then the
other option is shoot and bang out so in
this case you can see the silver ball is
bleeding basically want to stop it
before all the puzzle gets the end here
so I'm gonna draw lines the silver fell
line over here then get match again you
want to do this in sort of strategic way
that you see the more you cut off the
farther back the puzzle goes that buys
you
time innocence and it's also speak that
you want to grab obviously the right
color ball is the right amount of time
before the puzzle advances yet so you
can see they're actually crappy 401 so
I'm gonna put it back here yeah so you
can see the level cleared there so now I
can go right into the next level and the
Gabe and I watch review so that is
pretty much the gist of the game it's a
puzzle game it's based off of that
you're racing against time you're racing
against the level and you're trying to
match the ball you're trying to use your
precision rapid-fire skills all that
good stuff it's a free it's available
for the iPad really great on the retina
display this is magic po po you can find
it again in the App Store it's
completely free check it out today